Phrase,PMID,Title,Abstract,Response
Impact of social and community factors,12159550,Immigration and migration in America: social impact and social response.,,"Apologies for the confusion, but I do not find any 'is-a' relationships in the provided text. 'Is-a' relationships usually define a hierarchy or categorization, such as ""A dog is-an animal"". If you have further texts or specific relationships in mind, feel free to provide them for a more accurate extraction."
Impact of social and community factors,30764541,Obesity and Urban Environments.,,"Apologies for the confusion, but the provided text does not seem to contain clear ""is-a"" relationships that could be translated into RDF triples for a social determinants of health ontology. The text discusses various factors and their impacts on health, but does not explicitly define a class/subclass (""is-a"") relationship between any concepts. This kind of relationship would require statements like ""X is a type of Y"" or ""X is a Y"". If more specific or differently worded information is provided, I might be able to help you better."
Impact of social and community factors,31675514,Housing as a determinant of health equity: A conceptual model.,,"1. (Housing, is-a, Pathway for health disparities)
2. (Cost, is-a, Pillar of health-promoting housing factor)
3. (Conditions, is-a, Pillar of health-promoting housing factor)
4. (Consistency, is-a, Pillar of health-promoting housing factor)
5. (Context, is-a, Pillar of health-promoting housing factor)
6. (Structural inequalities, is-a, Cause of unequal distribution of access to health-promoting housing factors) 
7. (Housing affordability, is-a, Aspect of cost)
8. (Housing quality, is-a, Aspect of conditions)
9. (Residential stability, is-a, Aspect of consistency)
10. (Neighborhood opportunity, is-a, Aspect of context)
11. (Healthy housing, is-a, Aspect of health equity)
12. (Cumulative burden, is-a, Result of interaction between housing factors and structural inequalities) 
13. (Health disparities, is-a, Result of cumulative burden)
"
Impact of social and community factors,36562901,The impact of social and environmental factors on cancer biology in Black Americans.,,"Apologies for the misunderstanding earlier. Here are the 'is-a' relationship based RDF triples extracted from the text:

1. (Low socioeconomic status, is-associated-with, early onset of chronic diseases)
2. (Low socioeconomic status, is-associated-with, reduced life expectancy)
3. (SES, is-associated-with, chronic health conditions)
4. (Chronic life stress, is-more-prevalent-in, low SES communities)
5. (Neighborhood-level factors, is-a, determinant of cancer risk)
6. (Neighborhood-level factors, is-a, contributor to cancer outcomes)
7. (Environmental pollutants, is-a, socioenvironmental factor affecting tumor biology)
8. (Neighborhood deprivation, is-a, socioenvironmental factor affecting tumor biology)
9. (Social isolation, is-a, socioenvironmental factor affecting tumor biology)
10. (Structural racism, is-a, socioenvironmental factor affecting tumor biology)
11. (Discrimination, is-a, socioenvironmental factor affecting tumor biology)
12. (Deprivation, is-a, measurable factor in cancer health disparities)
13. (Discrimination, is-a, measurable factor in cancer health disparities)
14. (Structural racism, is-a, measurable factor in cancer health disparities"
Impact of social and community factors,33146364,Housing and health: an overview.,,"Apologies for the confusion earlier. Based on your request, here are the RDF triples with an ""is-a"" relationship related to the social determinants of health from the provided text:

1. (Living environment, is-a, determinant of health)
2. (Dwellings, is-a, determinant of health)
3. (Housing, is-a, determinant of health)
4. (Residential instability, is-a, housing factor that impacts health)
5. (Affordability, is-a, housing factor that impacts health)
6. (Housing safety and quality, is-a, housing factor that impacts health)
7. (Neighborhood characteristics, is-a, determinant of health)
8. (Political choices, is-a, factor that impacts neighborhood conditions)
9. (Administrative choices, is-a, factor that impacts neighborhood conditions)
10. (Regulatory system, is-a, factor that ensures Public Health protection)
11. (Social justice, is-a, outcome of good health standards)"
Impact of social and community factors,37078786,Social and structural determinants of recovery: The impact of race.,,"1. (Relapse rates, is a, SUDs treatment outcome)
2. (Social determinants of recovery, is a, factor influencing SUDs treatment outcome)
3. (Economic stability, is a, social determinant of health)
4. (Educational access and quality, is a, social determinant of health)
5. (Healthcare access and quality, is a, social determinant of health)
6. (Neighborhood and built environment, is a, social determinant of health)
7. (Social and community context, is a, social determinant of health)
8. (Race and racial discrimination, is a, factor influencing SUDs treatment outcome)
9. (Race and racial discrimination, is a, social determinant of health)"
Impact of social and community factors,26482055,Social Frailty in Community-Dwelling Older Adults as a Risk Factor for Disability.,,"The provided text doesn't provide enough information to extract ""is-a"" relationships that can contribute to a social determinants of health ontology. An ""is-a"" relation signifies a hierarchical relationship between a more general class and a specific instance or subclass of that entity. This text primarily provides information on a study and its findings, rather than defining new entities or classes in relation to existing ones in a hierarchal manner. Please provide a text with more hierarchal relationships between the entities."
Impact of social and community factors,26315036,Understanding the Role of Social Factors in Farmworker Housing and Health.,,"1. (Social advantage, is-a, determinant of health conditions)
2. (Social advantage, is-a, determinant of life expectancy)
3. (Farmworker housing, is-a, potential modulator of health impact)
4. (Social capital, is-a, factor affecting farmworker health)
5. (Housing situations, is-a, stress factor for farmworkers)
6. (Housing, is-a, factor affecting social support for healthy behaviors)
7. (Adequate farmworker housing, is-a, need for specific social and community benefits)
8. (Effects on children, is-a, potential long-term determinant of health)"
Impact of social and community factors,30036811,The association of sleep with neighborhood physical and social environment.,,"Apologies for the confusion, but the text provided does not seem to contain any explicit is-a relationships that can be transformed into RDF triples. The is-a relationship typically denotes a subtype or instance relationship between a more specific entity and a more general one, but the text does not provide explicit information of this type. 

However, if certain implications and assumptions are taken into account, some potential is-a relationships could be:

1. (Sleep, is-a, Critical factor for health)
2. (Physical environment, is-a, Factor affecting sleep outcomes)
3. (Social environment, is-a, Factor affecting sleep outcomes)
4. (Neighborhood airplane noise pollution, is-a, Environmental factor promoting sleep loss)
5. (Roadway noise pollution, is-a, Environmental factor promoting sleep loss)
6. (Rail noise pollution, is-a, Environmental factor promoting sleep loss)
7. (Air pollution, is-a, Environmental factor promoting sleep loss)
8. (Ambient light, is-a, Environmental factor promoting sleep loss)
9. (Neighborhood green space, is-a, Social characteristic affecting sleep)
10. (Walkability, is-a, Social characteristic affecting sleep)
11. (Safety, is-a, Social characteristic affecting sleep)
12. (Built environment, is"
Impact of social and community factors,22647382,Social health and nutrition impacts of community kitchens: a systematic review.,,"Apologies for the confusion, the provided text does not define ""is-a"" relationships directly. An ""is-a"" relationship is an assertion about a taxonomic relationship between two entities, where one class is a subtype of another. The text provided does not include taxonomical definitions or hierarchy-based statements that can be extracted into an ""is-a"" RDF triple."
Impact of social and community factors,35452534,Effects of the physical and social environment on youth cognitive performance.,,"1. (Children's cognitive abilities, is-a, Life and health outcome)
2. (Environmental components, is-a, Factor influencing individual differences in children's cognitive abilities)
3. (Socioeconomic effects, is-a, Factor influencing individual differences in children's cognitive abilities)
4. (Adolescent Brain Cognitive Development Study, is-a, Longitudinal study)
5. (Youth- and caregiver-report questionnaires, is-a, Method for defining principal components of children's environments)
6. (National database registries, is-a, Method for defining principal components of children's environments)
7. (Home, is-a, Component of children's environments)
8. (School, is-a, Component of children's environments)
9. (Neighborhood, is-a, Component of children's environments)
10. (Cultural environments, is-a, Component of children's environments)
11. (General cognitive ability, is-a, Cognitive performance in children)
12. (Executive functioning, is-a, Cognitive performance in children)
13. (Learning/memory abilities, is-a, Cognitive performance in children)"
Impact of social and community factors,37354326,The Impact of Neighborhoods on Diabetes Risk and Outcomes: Centering Health Equity.,,"Based on the provided text, here are the RDF triples with an ""is-a"" relationship which can be added to a social determinants of health ontology:

1. (Neighborhood environment, is-a, determinant of diabetes risk factors)
2. (Social environment, is-a, component of neighborhood environment)
3. (Economic environment, is-a, component of neighborhood environment)
4. (Physical environment, is-a, component of neighborhood environment)
5. (Access to healthy food, is-a, factor influencing health outcomes)
6. (Access to green spaces, is-a, factor influencing health outcomes)
7. (Access to safe housing, is-a, factor influencing health outcomes)
8. (Access to transportation options, is-a, factor influencing health outcomes)
9. (Social cohesion, is-a, social factor influencing health outcomes)
10. (Neighborhood safety, is-a, social factor influencing health outcomes)
11. (Structural racism, is-a, driver of neighborhood environment)
12. (Institutional racism, is-a, driver of neighborhood environment)
13. (Health equity, is-a, principle in health disparities research)"
Impact of social and community factors,32606096,Close to Home: Evidence on the Impact of Community-Based Girl Groups.,,"Apologies for the confusion earlier, but the text provided does not explicitly contain is-a relationships, which typically define a category or class membership (e.g., a 'dog' is-a 'mammal'). However, using the information provided, I'll attempt to infer plausible is-a relationships:

1. (CBGGs, is-a, Community-based programming)
2. (Gender equity promotion, is-a, Community-based programming)
3. (Impact evaluations, is-a, Research method)
4. (Randomized controlled trials, is-a, Research method)
5. (Quasi-experimental designs, is-a, Research method)
6. (Life skills education, is-a, Program content)
7. (Financial literacy and microsavings, is-a, Program content)
8. (Complementary activities with community, is-a, Program approach)

Please note that these are inferred and the actual text may need to be analysed further for more explicit is-a relationships.
"
Impact of social and community factors,32486380,The Impact of COVID-19 on Physical Activity Behavior and Well-Being of Canadians.,,"The provided text does not seem to include any is-a relationships that could be added to a social determinants of health ontology. The text mainly focuses on the impact of COVID-19 related restrictions on the physical activity and well-being of Canadians, not their inherent or is-a characteristics. Therefore, extracting RDF triples with an is-a relationship from this particular text might not be feasible."
Impact of social and community factors,34919687,Housing Unit Type and Perceived Social Isolation Among Senior Housing Community Residents.,,"Based on the text provided, there aren't any typical explicit is-a relationships presented. However, considering the context, we can infer certain is-a relationships to form RDF triples related to social determinants of health. Here are some potential examples:

1. (Social isolation, is-a, health implication)
2. (Older adults, is-a, demographic at risk of social isolation)
3. (Housing unit type, is-a, factor influencing social isolation)
4. (Townhome-style unit, is-a, type of housing unit)
5. (Apartment building-style unit, is-a, type of housing unit)
6. (Perceived social isolation, is-a, subjective health outcome)
7. (Mental and emotional health outcomes, is-a, type of health outcomes)

Please note that these are inferred from the context and may require additional contextual information to validate."
Impact of social and community factors,35801904,System resilience and neighbourhood action on social determinants of health inequalities: an English Case Study.,,"Extracting RDF triples that share an ""is-a"" relationship from the provided text:

1. (""Neighbourhood Resilience Programme"", is-a, ""practical programme of action research"")
2. (""Neighbourhoods For Learning"", is-a, ""zone of resilience study"")
3. (""Difference-in-difference analysis"", is-a, ""statistical method"")
4. (""Social connectivity, cultural coherence, local decision-making, economic activity, and the local environment"", is-a, ""resilience domains"")
5. (""A narrative review"", is-a, ""literature review method"")
6. (""Longitudinal household survey"", is-a, ""survey method"")
7. (""Reflexive journals"", is-a, ""academic record"")
8. (""Semi-structured interviews"", is-a, ""research method"")"
Impact of social and community factors,34791516,Neighbourhood characteristics and social isolation of people with psychosis: a multi-site cross-sectional study.,,"The text provided does not contain any ""is-a"" relationships related to the social determinants of health. The available information primarily discusses associations and effects, rather than classifications or hierarchical relationships, which are typically represented by ""is-a"" relationships in RDF triples. Kindly provide another text for extraction of ""is-a"" relationships."
Impact of social and community factors,34477585,Faith Community Nursing: Identifying and Combating Social Isolation and Loneliness in Older Adults.,,"Based on the text provided, I can generate the following RDF triples adhering to the ""is-a"" relationship:

1. (Older adults, is-a, population group)
2. (Social isolation, is-a, health risk factor)
3. (Loneliness, is-a, health risk factor)
4. (Physical impacts, is-a, health consequence)
5. (Mental impacts, is-a, health consequence)
6. (Spiritual impacts, is-a, health consequence)
7. (Faith community nurses, is-a, health care professionals)
8. (Community-dwelling older adults, is-a, population group)
9. (Risk factors, is-a, health determinant)
10. (Interventions, is-a, health care strategies)
11. (Case study, is-a, research method)"
